Fix typo and punctuation (#11483)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/common/configuration/http-client-errors.mdx

<Alert title="Tip">

> You can skip the above step when using any of the Sentry .NET SDKs that are registered via dependency injection (`Sentry.AspNetCore`, `Sentry.Maui`, `Sentry.Extensions.Logging`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip the above step when using any of the Sentry .NET SDKs that are registered via dependency injection (`Sentry.AspNetCore`, `Sentry.Maui`, `Sentry.Extensions.Logging`, and so on).
```
